Update GCP backup and restore (#102)
ansible/aap-docs: stories/topics/ref-gcp-populate-restore-file.adoc

[id="ref-gcp-populate-restore-file"]

= Parameters of the restore.yml file

You can restore using either a new VPC network or an existing one. 
There are additional parameters to restore on an existing VPC network.

.For a new VPC

If you want to restore using a new VPC set the following parameters:

* `gcp_existing_vpc` must be set to `false`.

while the following parameters:

* `gcp_filestore_ip_range` 
* `gcp_cloud_sql_peering_network` 
* `gcp_controller_internal_ip_address` 
* `gcp_hub_internal_ip_address` 

can be removed.

* `cloud_credentials_path` is the absolute path toward your credentials.
* `gcp_deployment_name` is the name of the deployment you want to back up.
* `gcp_restored_deployment_name` isthe name under which the deployment must be restored.
* `gcp_bucket_backup_name` is the bucket you used for the backup. 
* `gcp_bucket_backup_name` is the name you used for backup.
* `gcp_compute_region` is the region where the backup was taken.
* `gcp_compute_zone` is the zone where the backup was taken.

.For an existing VPC

> If you want to restore using an existing VPC, the attributes mentioned above must be kept and the following additional parameters set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to restore using an existing VPC, you must set the parameters shown above for restoring to a new VPC. 
You must also set the following additional parameters:
```
